This is absolutely perfect and you can
continue with this is the one that came
with the X3 that comes with the X3. You
can use that forever and it's awesome.
It's absolutely fine. And the expression
I've been using is a Rolex and a Swatch
watch both tell time.
One of them is just really good looking.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hi, my name's John Jaquish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering which gives me
a unique perspective on all sorts of
things sports performance related.
Today, I want to talk about the new X3
ground plate. So, we have come up with
an accessory. This is not a replacement.
So, this is the original ground plate.
And it's made out of steel,
very sturdy. And this one is the new
one. And it's top is made out of
aluminum. This is like a quarter inch of
solid aluminum and then these are
plastic pieces and then there's some
rubber feet to keep it from sliding
around on the ground. So now, the
quality that these two are tested with,
they are taken through over 100,000
repetitions with all bands which is just
to make sure nothing goes wrong with
them. They both pass the same quality
tests. So, the question is why would one
want to upgrade to the new one? So,
uh you guys have been following me for a
while, you know I don't like suggesting
people spend money if they have to
stretch themselves financially. This is
absolutely perfect and you can continue
with this is the one that came with the
X3 that comes with the X3. You can use
that forever and it's awesome. It's
absolutely fine. And the expression I've
been using is a Rolex and a Swatch watch
both tell time. One of them is just
really good looking. And this is the
really good looking one. So, it
definitely has a more luxurious feel.
It's heavier. You will not want to
travel with this one. So, if you get
this this the premium plate, you'll
probably use this one for travel. Just
keep it in your travel bag or in your
suitcase. The the actual physical
difference, there is one which is
there's a bigger band channel. So, when
you're standing on this doing the
deadlift, if you stack bands,
uh if you're getting very strong and you
need to have more than one band going at
the same time, the channel is
significantly bigger. So, you can get
more banding through there and give
yourself an incredibly powerful
stimulus. You can see here, I'll put the
video up of me using it for the
deadlift. Ask a bunch of questions.
Again, don't stretch yourself to get
this. This is kind of a a luxury, but
for me, I use my X3 every day. So, I
want to use the best components
possible. That's why I I really pushed
for for this and you know, did a lot of
market analysis to make sure that people
wanted this kind of thing and they do.
And like if you see the corners, they're
they're really perfect. And it really
feels like something that was made by
like Apple.
>> [music]
>> It's it's gorgeous.
So, I hope this helped and ask any
questions if you have any in the
comments and I'll get you answers. If
this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights,
>> [music]
>> we've got the answer for you.